# Chapter 5

Blossom Bernice Breydenblach and Roscoe hurried onward and emerged onto the
banks of a dark lake in a cavernous room. Starlight glinted off the water from
an opening in the ceiling that revealed the night sky. At the center of the lake
was an island. And on that island was a glowing, glimmering, golden thing of
beauty.

"Bee?" Roscoe said, waving his hand in front of her face.

Bee stood awestruck, gazing at the treasure. "The Golden Soroban. It's real,"
she said.

"Real?" Roscoe scoffed. "You mean you dragged me here without knowing if this
thing was real?"

Bee finally broke her stare and grinned at Roscoe. "I was pretty sure. Anyway,
how do you think we get over there? Shall we go for a pleasant night swim?" she
asked.

"Absolutely not," Roscoe said. "You know how much I hate water. I don't trust
it." He looked around. "I bet we have to do something with that phone." He
motioned toward a stone pedestal holding a rotary phone near the water's edge.

Bee approached the pedestal and saw a note etched into the surface. "'Make a
call to summon the boat,'" she read and picked up the phone.

"What do you hear?" asked Roscoe.

"Nothing, just silence," Bee answered. She placed the phone back into the
cradle. "Swimming it is!"

Roscoe backed away. "Bee, no. I'm a land dweller. I like to keep my two feet
firmly planted on the ground, thank you very much."

Bee rummaged around in her backpack. "Come on, Roscoe. Do you really think I
would have left camp without these?" She pulled out a pair of pink floaties and
started to inflate them. Once finished, she helped Roscoe pull them up his arms.
She stood back to assess him. "Very distinguished," she said.

Roscoe grumbled. "Fine, Bee. But I would only do this for you." He stepped
toward the sparkling lake and dipped his foot into the water, then gasped as his
shoe immediately disintegrated. "Oh, shucks. Well, that's too bad!" he said,
turning to wiggle his toes at Bee.

She sighed. "Alright," she said. "I guess we have to figure out how to make that
call."

Suddenly, a deep voice permeated the room. "Blossom Bernice Breydenblach," it
boomed.

Roscoe and Bee jumped and swung around. "Zebulon," Bee said. "You caught up
fast."

Zebulon removed the bow from his back. "Dancing man did not stop me," he
thundered.

"Sounds like Ozias found more than just meditation tracks on that Walkman,"
Roscoe muttered.

Zebulon notched an arrow and aimed the bow at Bee. "The Golden Soroban is mine,"
he said, drawing the arrow back and letting it fly. It whizzed through the air,
missing Bee by a hair as she dove out of the way.

Bee scrambled to her feet and watched as Zebulon held up his hand, summoning a
glowing greatsword out of thin air. "Roscoe!" Bee yelled. "Find me a weapon!"
Zebulon swung the giant sword in an arc toward Bee, and she danced out of the
way, picking up a rock and chucking it at his head. Zebulon stumbled, but only
briefly. "Quickly, Roscoe!" Bee yelped, sidestepping the sword again.

Roscoe clambered to the back of the cave, where bones were strewn across the
floor. He grabbed a cutlass from the wreckage and turned toward the fray. "Bee!"
he yelled, tossing the sword in her general direction. Roscoe was no sportsman,
but this throw was pretty good. Bee, mid-dodge, caught the hilt and blocked
another powerful swing by Zebulon.

The blow knocked Bee to the ground, stunning her. "You are no match for me!"
Zebulon bellowed, raising the blade over his head, ready to make the final
strike. Bee, preparing to barrel roll, glimpsed a flash of pink behind Zebulon.
It was Roscoe, rotary phone held up high. She nodded, and he smashed the phone
over Zebulon's head.

Zebulon dropped to the floor, unconscious.

"Roscoe, you're my hero!" Bee squealed.

"Who knew I could be so menacing?" he said, waving around his floatie-clad arms
before helping Bee to her feet.

Bee laughed. "Very frightening!" she agreed. "Now, let's get this guy trussed up
and get across that lake."

"Uhh, Bee," Roscoe said, holding up what used to be a phone. "I don't think this
thing will be making any more calls."

Bee gritted her teeth. "It's okay. We'll just have to find another way," she
said, getting the duct tape out of her bag and taping Zebulon's arms and legs
together.

Once Zebulon was sufficiently detained, Bee and Roscoe turned toward the lake.
"We're so close to the Golden Soroban," Bee said. "We must find a way across."
